---
title: Word list
---

## Words we use

### @mention

Pronounced “at mention.” Always lowercase, even at the beginning of a sentence.

### accessible, accessibility, a11y

Describes a set of standards that make our product usable to people experiencing
disabilities. Avoid using accessible as a synonym for “simple.” For that
purpose, use terms like easy to learn, easy to use, or intuitive.

### add

Use add when moving a “thing” in the product from one place to another.

- Compare with [assign](/content/word-list#assign), [create](/content/word-list#create)

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <ul>
      <li>Add a user to a group.</li>
      <li>Assign user to a group.</li>
    </ul>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <ul>
      <li>Assign a ticket to this agent.</li>
      <li>Add this ticket to the agent.</li>
    </ul>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### assign

Use assign when referring to ownership and responsibility.

- Compare with [add](/content/word-list#add), [create](/content/word-list#create)

### create

Use create when you’re about to make a brand new thing in the product.

- Compare with [add](/content/word-list#add)

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Create object record.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Add a new object record.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

### aka, a.k.a.

Stands for also known as. Use aka instead of a.k.a..

### add-on, addon

Use add-on. Lowercase, with hyphen.

### all of

Redundant. Just say all.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>It lists all your customers.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>It lists all of your customers.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### among, between

Use among when referring to 3 or more persons (or things).

- Compare with [between](/content/word-list#between)

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>You can share tickets among members of your group.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>You can share tickets among you and your admin.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### and/or

Avoid this construction. Use either and or or by itself.

### Answer Bot

Two words, title case.

### any time, anytime

The two-word any time is always the safer choice. If you do use the one-word
form, anytime, make sure it's an adverb. If you need to say, “At any time,” it
must be two words.

### app, apps

Use lowercase for general references. Don’t capitalize for emphasis. Capitalize
only when referring to a feature, such as Zendesk Apps. When referring to the
Zendesk app marketplace use Zendesk Marketplace.

### appears, displays

Displays is a transitive verb, meaning that the action transfers to something
else. For example, a screen displays an image. While displays requires a direct
object, appears does not. For example, an image appears on screen.

### as

Avoid using as as a synonym for because or while. While grammatically correct,
these uses make reading more difficult for a global audience.

- Compare with [because](/content/word-list#because)

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Use the active voice whenever possible because it’s easier to translate.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Use the active voice whenever possible as it is easier to translate.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### because, since

Use because instead of since. The reason is that since can cause problems with
machine translation. Use because to refer to the reason for something, and since
to refer to a passage of time.

### between

Use between when referring to 2 persons (or things) or when referring to
relationships between two items at a time, regardless of the total number of
items.

- Compare with [among](/content/word-list#among)

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Move between the two tickets at the top of the list.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Move between several tickets on the page.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### blacklist, whitelist

Avoid this usage. Use blocked or allowed instead.

### CC, CCs, CCed

In the product, use uppercase. OK to use as a noun ("the CC", "the CCs"), as a
transitive verb ("CC me"), or as an adjective ("the CCed agent").

In documentation, it’s permitted to use lowercase and apostrophes (cc, cc’s,
cc’ed).

### channel

Use lowercase for general references. Capitalize when referring to t`he Channel
framework or describing features of the framework, such as the Channel pull
endpoint.

### chat, Zendesk Chat

Lowercase when talking about a chat message or the verb. Capitalize when
referring to the feature or the product, such as Zendesk Chat.

### choose, select

Use choose when the user must make a decision. Use select when the user is
presented with an item from a list to carry out a decision already made.

### click, swipe, tap

Avoid using platform-specific words like click, swipe, or tap.

Use click to describe the action of pressing a key, mouse, or button. For mobile
or screen-based physical contact, use tap. Pair click directly with the button
or menu label without “on” or “at.”

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Preview document</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Click on preview</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### Customer Support

Use Zendesk Customer Support or Customer Support when referring to the place
Zendesk customers go for support on our product. Avoid Support team.

### CSAT

All caps. Short for customer satisfaction. Use only as an adjective, as in CSAT
rating or CSAT survey.

### data

Always use data with a singular verb. In other words, “the data is...”, “the
data goes...” whether you mean a collection of facts (plural) or information
(singular). If you want to emphasize that something is plural, rewrite to use a
term such as facts or numbers.

### data center

Data center is always two words.

### deselect, cancel

Use clear or cancel instead of deselect. As in, “Clear these checkboxes” and
“Cancel this selection.”

### done

Avoid done since it doesn’t provide enough information. Button labels should
make it clear what’s going to happen when the user clicks it.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>
      Description: Settings updated <br />
      Button label: Go to Admin Center
    </p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>
      Description: Settings updated
      <br />
      Button label: Done
    </p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### drop-down

This noun describes a UI element that lets users pick from a series of options.
Always hyphenate it.

### for example, e.g.

Keep it conversational by using for example. The scholarly way to say “for
example” is by using “e.g.,” which stands for exempli gratia.

### either

Use either only for a decision between two choices.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>You may choose either bacon or tofu.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>You may choose either bacon, snake meat, or tofu.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### email, emails

No hyphen needed.

### feedback

Use give feedback or for some Early Access Program (EAP) links, share your
thoughts.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Give feedback</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Provide feedback</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### full and fully

Avoid full and fully unless you’re writing marketing copy. Even then, only use
to mean complete.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <ul>
      <li>Full-featured agent workflow</li>
      <li>Full ticket history</li>
    </ul>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <ul>
      <li>Fully customizable</li>
      <li>Full live chat software functionality</li>
    </ul>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### greater, better

Avoid using subjective terms when talking about system requirements or versions.
Use objective terms instead.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <ul>
      <li>Update to the latest version of Google Chrome</li>
      <li>Chat requires Microsoft Edge v.14 or higher</li>
    </ul>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <ul>
      <li>Update to the best version of Explore</li>
      <li>Chat requires Microsoft Edge v.14 or better</li>
    </ul>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### Help Center

Capitalize both words. Also, refer to it as Help Center, not the Help Center.

Example: "Edit articles in Help Center."

A possessive pronoun is okay.

Example: “Edit articles in your Help Center.”

### help desk

Zendesk makes customer service software, not help desk software. The term help
desk should only be used when specifically addressing IT or help desk issues.

In most cases, you can use Zendesk Support instead.

Example: "You can use Zendesk Support to improve your relationship with your
customers."

### hint

Don’t use it as a heading for a type of note. Use tip instead.

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

### i.e.

Abbreviation for id est, meaning “that is.” Use that is or in other words
instead.

### incoming, outgoing

Use to refer to email messages that are being downloaded or being sent. Do not
use inbound and outbound unless you have no other choice.

### Insights

Capitalize when referring to the Zendesk product.

### JavaScript

Use [Pascal case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_case). Not Javascript or javascript.

### knowledge base

Two words, lowercase. Sometimes called KB for short.

### Learn about vs. learn more

We reserve the linked words "Learn about" for links to the Zendesk Help Center.
Avoid "learn more" to prevent the repetition of the phrase for screen readers.
Include detail about what the user will learn.

- Use this formula: "Learn about [linked subject]”
- Aim for a maximum of four words per link
- Avoid Help Center article names that can’t be localized

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Learn about user profiles</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Learn more</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### macOS

Use when referring to the operating system. Don't use Mac OS.

### min, max

It’s better to spell these out in full (“minimum” or “maximum”) but the short
form is OK when you’re short on space. You don’t need a period after min or max.

### Net Promoter Score℠, NPS®

Uppercase. Use trademark symbols on first reference. Net Promoter Score is a
service mark (℠); NPS is a registered trademark (®). Symbols should be placed
directly after the mark, in superscript, and slightly smaller than the mark
text.

### new

New requires gender for many languages. Add is a better substitute. Features
that are new to the user are best communicated through emails, landing pages,
and marketing materials.

### OK

Avoid OK as a button label. Button labels should make it clear what’s going to
happen when the user clicks it.

On mobile devices it’s permitted to use OK for button text.

### OAuth

Not oAuth.

### on, onto

You record conversations on a ticket. Onto conveys actual motion. For example, I
jumped onto the parallel bars. If you’re confused, just say up before on in the
sentence. If it makes sense, onto is the right word.

### plan, account

Don’t use account to refer to Zendesk plans.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>The Enterprise plan supports light agents.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>The Enterprise account supports light agents.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### plugin

No hyphen.

### product tray

Use products icon instead.

### register vs. sign up

Use register instead.

### self-service

Always hyphenate.

### set up, setup

Two words (set up) for the verb, one word (setup) for the adjective or as a
noun.

### sign in, sign out

Use sign in and sign out instead of log in, and log out. Other forms: signed in,
signed out. Hyphenate as an adjective or as a noun.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Sign in</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Log in</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### single sign-on (SSO)

Hyphenate sign-on and spell this out on first use.

### spam

Don’t use spam as a verb.

### subdomain

One word.

### subscription

For a person’s Zendesk account only. Not for individual plans or products.

### support, Support

Capitalize when referring to the Zendesk Support product. Use lowercase
otherwise.

### Support team

Don’t use. Use Zendesk Customer Support or Customer Support instead.

### stats

Used in Help Center articles and in reports. Abbreviation OK.

### thank you, thanks

Reserve thank you and thanks when users provide information that’s difficult or
inconvenient to collect.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Thank you for submitting a request.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Thank you for changing your settings.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### ticket, ticket form

Lowercase for both. Don’t capitalize for emphasis.

### trigger

Lowercase.

### user name

Two words. Not hyphenated.

### website, web form, web page

All lowercase.

### Web Widget

Capitalize both words.

### workflow

One word.

### Zendesk

Always capitalize the name of our company. Never use ZenDesk or give it an
apostrophe. We’re not the possessive type.

### Zendesk Apps

Capitalize this feature name: “The Zendesk Apps framework.”

<hr />

## Words we avoid

These words aren’t bad. They’re just not in our terminology diet.

### oops, whoops, oh no

Oops, we did it again. Seriously, though, we don’t use oops or other
self-deprecating blurts in error messages or empty states.

### please

That’s right. At Zendesk, you can skip the P-word. It takes up space in our UI
and can come across as insincere.

<BestPractice>
  <Do>
    <p>Your password was reset. Enter a new password.</p>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <p>Your password was reset. Please enter a new password.</p>
  </Dont>
</BestPractice>

### sorry

We generally don’t apologize when things go wrong. When there’s an error, tell
the user what happened and give them clear directions on what they can do next.

Instead we save apologies for meaningful situations: when something goes really
wrong or when Zendesk as a company has made a serious error, like deleting an
account.

### we

Avoid we unless referring to a specific group of people. Don’t use we to refer
to Zendesk the company or Zendesk the software. Similarly, avoid using our. See
[Pronouns](/content/grammar#pronouns).

<hr />

## People

The people in our Zendesk neighborhood. All of the people in the neighborhood
have a job to do.

### account owner

An account owner is a type of administrator. The account name is associated with
this person's name, usually the person who created the account. Just like The
Highlander, there can be only one. For example, “Only the account owner has
permission to make subscription changes.”

### admin, administrator

Admins have additional access to the Zendesk experience like setting up the
workflows, adding users, and defining automations. We recommend admins instead
of administrators. It’s friendlier and shorter. For example, “Allow admins to
tag users.”

Avoid telling agents to “talk to an admin.” Instead, inform them that an admin
can do the task and leave the communication up to the agent. For example, “You
don’t have Explore. An admin can activate that in your subscription.”

### advisor

In Support Enterprise, advisors manage the workflow and configure the Zendesk
experience. Advisors don't solve tickets and they can only make private comments
or add notes.

### agent

Agents are the bulk of the support staff for Zendesk subscribers. They’re
assigned tickets and interact with their customers to resolve issues. For
example, “Zendesk Support offers several tools to make your agents more
efficient.”

### customer

Often synonymous with end user, but not all Zendesk subscribers think of their
end users as customers. For example, the end users of an IT department are
employees. Use subscriber to refer to people and organizations with a paid
subscription to Zendesk.

### editor

Editors can create and customize new dashboards, queries, and datasets. (Explore
only.)

### end user

Not hyphenated when used as a noun. Hyphenated when used as an adjective or
modifier. For example, “This access point is for the end user” and “This is an
end-user access point.”

### manager

Managers have full privileges in Guide. All admins have Guide manager
privileges, including access to all content. For example, “You must be a Guide
manager to create user segments."

### rep

This is for Sell only.

### seat

When you’re adding more space to an account, you’re adding or filling seats.
Seats can be used across all products. For example, “You can add more agents by
purchasing additional agent seats.”

### staff

In Support Enterprise and Admin Center, staff is similar to agent. Staff can
edit and solve tickets, view reports, and add or edit personal views and macros.
In Explore Enterprise, staff means a viewer who can see dashboards but cannot
create or edit dashboards. (Support Enterprise, Explore Enterprise, and Admin
Center only.)

### subscriber

The people who have a paid subscription with Zendesk. This is in contrast to end
users: the customers of our subscribers who don’t pay to use our products.

### team leader

Team leaders have more access to Zendesk products than staff agents. They can
read and edit all tickets and moderate forums. They can also create and edit end
users, groups, and organizations. (Support Enterprise only.)

### user

Admin, agent, end user, subscriber, website visitor, trialer: We have a lot of
user types. User is fine, but be role-specific wherever possible.

### viewer

Viewer is used across all products. It refers to users who can see dashboards
but can’t edit or create them.

import { graphql } from 'gatsby';

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  query($fileAbsolutePath: String) {
    ...SidebarPageFragment
  }
`;
